hi guys how are you so I'm really
excited to announce today that i am
bringing back one of my favorite series
that I've had here in the channel and
that is fitness and bodybuilding series
I was shorn it you might just here as
the bodybuilding series it's the same
thing but yeah I'm really excited it's
something I started last year and then
just stop making videos in the
wintertime because I didn't think
anybody was watching but I was wrong um
I got a lot of emails and messages and
comments and we know that the series
actually helped people quite a bit and
asking me if I'm gonna make any more
videos or if I can make a video about
this topic or this topic or whatever to
cover my channel and I was like what are
people gonna watch it and I think after
all this time with all those messages
that yeah i'm gonna go ahead and bring
back the series um for those of you who
are new the bodybuilding series it's
just kind of a serious right talk about
important topics or popular topics in
the fitness and bodybuilding world right
now I concentrate a lot on the fitness
competition seen in the world is just
competing in general because that's what
I get a lot of questions from on all I
platform social media so in my series of
bar talked about coaching different main
Federation's teams self coaching things
like that and I had play more that I was
planning on making just never did so um
topics I've been getting people ask me a
lot about our bikinis where to get them
how to make them yourself or if you can
make them yourself how to budget for a
show backstage etiquette things seem to
go and bring with you um just a bunch of
different things like that so those are
things i plan to cover in the series if
you have anything oh another one is if
it's your macros versus standard
competition prep so that's the other one
that I want to cover but if you have any
in particular topics that you want me to
cover in this series go ahead and leave
a comment for me down below or shoot me
a message on any of my social media and
I will gladly try at least to do a video
for you um but yeah I'm really excited
to bring it back it's something I i just
love not only talking and engaging with
you guys and kind of motivating you and
showing you what I get up to but kind of
educating you further about certain
topics that you guys have questions
about so I'm excited I hope you guys are
excited and it's something I'm gonna do
weekly on the same day every week so I'm
not sure if it's going to be the to stay
friday or sunday yet but i'll pick one
of those days and don't be weirded out
if you see a fourth video coming up
sometimes in my schedule and just i have
videos like I want to cover and
sometimes a guy can't cover them all on
just my three uploads a week so you
might see a fourth um who knows but with
the titleist video this is going to be
the first kind of like resurgence video
of the series and today like I said the
series isn't just about bodybuilding I
was about kind of the fitness industry
in general and topics and questions I
get and I have been hearing a lot of
people talking about sponsorships and I
think because we see a lot of our fellow
youtubers have sponsors and
the people that we kind of really look
up to our sponsored by these big
companies and we're like oh god to be
sponsored by this companies would be
amazing and so um I hear a lot of people
ask how do I get sponsored and just
little questions about that how
sponsorships work and so I want to go
ahead and cover that and then a little
bit personal tidbit because I get
another question I shall talk about
later um so basically the world of
sponsorships has changed quite a bit
since i started in the industry in 2011
it used to be more about your gravitas
and like who you are and how well you've
done in shows and in the industry in
general um which kind of snags you
sponsorships but now it seems to be
heavily heavily about how bigger reaches
especially when it comes to social media
so the bigger your audience the farther
you reach the more sales you can
potentially get for them and so that's
what they look at so these companies are
you know getting wiser when it comes to
digital marketing and how important that
is for them and their overall
profitability and so they're looking at
people that have large reaches so when
you see people like Paige Hathaway or
Steve cook or what have you these people
tend to have big audiences in a big
reach but that being said you don't have
to be an olympia athlete or a
world-renowned fitness model there's
people even on here on YouTube who have
never either one step foot on stage or
to have taken a couple years off and
still maintain sponsorships and so it's
totally okay for you to not be like a
competitive like a fitness competitor or
if you take time off it's something that
I don't think necessarily have to worry
about so much um so my top tips would be
to grow your audience as much as
possible but be as genuine and true
yourself as possible there's always
going to be the page Hathaways and Steve
cooks of the world but there's not a you
yet and just because you're not a big
sponsored athlete yet does it mean that
that's not going to happen in the future
they just haven't discovered it yet so i
think is important to stay true to who
you are but just really engage with your
followers and take a look at your
analytics so what videos and what
instagram posts are you the most
attention and was getting the least
attention and kind of look at that and
try to produce content that is the
highest quality and things that your
followers want me to post or enjoy you
posting another thing i would go ahead
and encourage you to do is get them to
notice you so if you're on an Instagram
go ahead and if you have a good quality
post and you're wearing some of their
clothes are you trying some of their
product go ahead and tag them in the
photo or video and let them know hey
look i like your products i'm
advertising for you to go to me look
what i can do because if you don't how
are they going to notice you yeah if you
get big enough they might start noticing
you but it's good to start small and
show them that you're a loyal customer
and you are a loyal fan of theirs and
truly want to represent their brand and
show off their products I think that
most brands like people that um really
just even when they're not getting paid
are going to go ahead and show up their
products think that means a lot to them
and it shows that you have passion and
drive and you're passionate about their
products which is always a good thing um
and yeah so those are just some little
tips obviously it's not an exact science
a lot of it isn't who you know um and
unfortunately not all of us know
somebody
no somebody who knows somebody you know
what I mean um but it's best to just
kind of be the best version of you you
can be and kind of exhibit that under
social media and be as professional and
personal as possible so those are the
tips I have for getting sponsored again
it's not an exact science but those are
sometimes at least that can help benefit
you just a little bit and upping your
chances of potentially picking up a
sponsorship so moving on to the titleist
video why am I not sponsored um this is
a question I get asked all the time and
I always hate answering it because not
because I'm embarrassed or because of
annoyed because I don't have a
sponsorship which to clarify I'm not
currently sponsored I am however an
ambassador for two companies but that's
not a compensated thing unless i don't
know i will explain that in another
video ambassadorships vs. sponsorships
perhaps i'll talk about another video
but that's not a sponsorship um yeah so
anyway I have I just want to clarify I
have been offered sponsorships and I
have turned them down um it's something
I want to talk about in a video for a
long time because it's something that
kind of bothers me because people always
feel bad for me they don't have a
sponsorship and it's something I'm like
please don't feel bad it's my own thing
so um I know that about the biggest
youtuber or Instagram or what have you
but I've been around for a while and I
do have a presence in the fitness
community just in different ways um and
that's totally fine and I like the way
that I do things I like staying true to
who I am so I have theirs okay so in the
fitness world there tends to be a couple
different sponsorships there's of course
going to be the supplement companies and
there's going to be the apparel
companies and every once in a while you
get like the gear so like Ryse belts and
things like that our car yellow belts or
what have you the offer sponsorships or
things like that but the main ones are
apparel and supplements and um I've been
offered both and I have turned both down
and
a couple companies um here and there of
different ones and I was nervous about
talking about this because I didn't want
you guys to think that I was a grateful
or an asshole or showing off or anything
like that is not what it's about i think
what i wanted to bring to light is a
conversation that i haven't heard talked
about um here on youtube or kind of in
social media in general having it be
such a big achievement to get a
sponsorship i think a lot of people once
offered or just gonna be like yeah yeah
definitely and just like sign on to any
dotted line because they want to be
sponsored because it looks good um
having worked in marketing and having
had like a business side of things um I
think I look at things a bit differently
um I won't lie i personally have um I
amber Corey actually call months ago I
was heavily pursuing a supplement
company and we had the company and I a
lot of interaction back and forth and
social media and things like that and I
was really feeling like I was going to
get signed and I was really excited
about it and Corey my boyfriend goes to
me he's like you can and I was like what
do you mean I can't like this would be a
huge deal and he's like you can because
you don't take supplements and you can't
take supplements
and it took me back full and so I am a
what about it took me back a little and
I was like what and the truth is a lot
people ask me like why don't you suggest
any supplement so I don't talk about
supplements on your channel um why don't
you suggest a lot of different products
whatever whatever whatever I have a
monthly favorites but don't really talk
about anything in particular that you
guys don't already just kind of nowhere
cult favorites um and that's because I
don't take supplements I can't take
supplements as most of you guys might
know I have a lot of food allergies and
one of those major ones is soy and soy
lectin you can argue me til the cows
come home is something that truly does
bother me I used to take optimum
nutrition protein and BSN branching
aminos those were my personal favorites
back in the day I stopped taking them in
2013 um most if not all that I've seen
and researched used some type of soy in
their products everything from
pre-workout she reassured me knows
protein glutamine most of them have so I
lectin of some kind because it's a
binding agent and a preservative um so
totally understandable is wicked cheap
and it's fine for people to have
normally but having an allergy I can't
have it so that being said I can't take
the supplements and with that being said
how can I go ahead and represent a brand
when I can't even take any of their
products um and that's something at
first I was like yeah but I like what
the company stands for and the people
that run the company and the teammates
who I could potentially be working with
um and he's just like yeah that might be
a part of it but you are technically
selling your audience products these
products from this brand if you don't
even use them how are you going to talk
about it and represent the company that
you can't even use your products and I
think that's a really important thing to
talk about granted that's not the
problem for most people but I think it
speaks to a larger issue of a lot of
people are signing on
be sponsored by companies when they
don't even know of the company or they
don't even like the product or they'd
only use the product but instead they
represent it anyway just because they
want to be sponsored and go to events
and expose and have kind of like the
life but they don't stand behind the
products but they tell people anyway
that they do and I think that's a bunch
of BS um that being said that talks to
apparel companies for me like I've had a
couple of carol companies um that you
guys are like no other youtubers are
affiliated with their smaller than I
like Jim shark or anything about talking
about that um you have come to me and
been like we really like you you really
think you could fit our brand like would
you like to be sponsored by us and I've
had to unfortunately say no because it's
not my style I don't like how they
advertise like showing kind of like
explicit images of women and really like
inappropriate ways and just kind of just
the branding is just not appropriate or
just not my taste and not what I stand
for um or I just don't like overall how
the business runs the people running the
business all that I don't like them but
it's just like we have we disagree on
certain things um or just don't like
your design or quality of clothes um and
I doesn't mean they're a bad company
just means that they're just not for me
maybe that makes me a douche for like
saying that or what have you but I just
genuinely feel like I well I'm very
protective of you guys I think that's
what it is is that I never want to come
and sell you things meeting if I sign on
to a cell phone company I'm putting my
name in credibility next to it and if I
don't believe in the company and a part
that they're selling like that ruins my
own credibility do you know what I mean
so I think and I also don't want to sell
you anything that I don't believe in
because that's that's just ridiculous
why would I ever talk to you guys or
tell you and give you a discount code
for a product or a brand or what have
you that I don't believe in
because if I don't like it why would I
suggest it to you to try I don't know
maybe that makes like SI me that makes
me like ungrateful or whatever you can
think of whatever you want and you're
allowed your opinion if you want to go
ahead and talk about in the comments
you're more than welcome as long as it's
constructive um and worth talking about
and just not hacking people um but I
just think it's something that needs to
be talked about in our industry is
people actually taking the time to think
about there or not they want to be a
part of this company or this brand or
they believe in the products like the
products use the products and instead of
just signing on for the money and the
kind of things that come along with
being sponsored I would just advise you
to stay true to yourself and what you
believe in and what you like and what
you don't like um because just because
you get one sponsorship doesn't mean
there's not another one that might come
along too um and a lot of things you
have to think about is that with
sponsorship deals a lot of them you're
signing a contract which means that
you're binded to them and let's say you
wanted to represent XYZ brand but you
felt I was way out of your league and
the smaller one that you don't even
really like their stuff asks you to be
sponsored by them you're like well yeah
why not and you sign off but yet x y&z
brand comes to you like a few months a
year later and it's like hey we like
your stuff whatever whatever but you're
now binded to this other company so I
guess I would just say is do you do what
you believe um do it for the right
reasons and the right company will come
along and that's the case with me as I'm
looking for my kind of glass slipper if
you will of sponsorships obviously it
seems right now like supplement
companies are out for me and that's fine
um I have my eye on a couple companies
and I have a couple companies that I
genuinely just like love them and I
would love nothing more than represent
them but until the day comes where I
have a sponsorship for the company that
really believe in um I'm not sponsored
right now and that is exactly why so I
hope you guys found this video
interesting I love to hear your opinion
on this um and if any of the tips were
helpful go ahead and give this video a
like and share with your friends we
think it's going to be helpful at all
and i will see you on sunday with an
at-home leg day so that is it and i will
see you in my next one bye guys